    Codepen:https://codepen.io/ChrisDeity/pen/ZEBpYVo?editors=1101
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

      html thaht gives meaning or context to our code

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    structure of a webpage

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    used to control an elment you put it  in the opening tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    its the tag for the page main page topic and its used once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    page title

    7. What is an id? 
    id a is used to select a unique id for a element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any elements you need to style

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    used to create a class for an element to use in css style sheet

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    anything that you can style

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    unlimted in theory
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    youd have to put a targer=blank in the opening tag of an anchor tag

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to locate img source
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
     content in section is grouped while div has no special meaning 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    style the html in a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    you need a selector like .for class or #for id h2 is an element already so it dosnt need a selector youd just put h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is used more commonly in th eparent element like  a section or list while class would be in the child element like div

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selected grouped content
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to select an element in a specific state

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    styling choice
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    idk
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    idk
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to create backups and also to not mess with the live server
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    everytime you get something working or every 25mins or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
